Lesson 2

What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

when you initialize there is an empty hidden directory created named (.git)
 in the directory, and you do this by "git init" within the directory on Git Bash.
  afterwards, you should check that the Untracked files & sub-directories you want
  are included in this repo. So, "git status" will show you
  there are no commits yet in your repo, and what files/sub-directories
  are included in your repo

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

    The working directory is the area that holds original files.
    The repo holds those files that are bundled as commits, and is a collection
    of those commits, a version control of the project throughout its lifecycle.
    The staging area allows the user to decide how to organize the files from
    the working directory before sending it to the repository.
    The value it brings is the ability for the user to organize and carefully
    manage how files are sent from the working directory to the repository.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

  the staging area allows you to do many things. You can compare possible commits
  in the SA to previous commits with the git diff --staged command. you can
  also compare possible commits(the changes you made) with the files in the working
  directory, using git diff command. This is common. You know you made the right
  changes and that you remembered what changed, before adding the changes to the
  staging area.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

    if I want to go on and experiment, try a new approach or do something different
    while wanting to keep the official 'master' version of the project, then
    making branches would be helpful. It can help keep things organized and in
    perspective, because that new idea or approach could take several commits to
    complete, so it's better to make a new branch off the master then make a
    new repository. It could get lost and its purpose forgotten if it's made into
    a new repo, instead of a new branch. Branches keep everything in perspective
    for the project.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

  uhh, because they are visual. It helps you realize the reachability of a commit
  or branch. a commit is unreachable if its not in the branch and is connected to
  a parent within a branch. The diagrams help us realize why certain commits are
  not affecting others, due to different branches, and help us make decision on
  where we can branch out or merge possible branch tips for the good of the project.
  yea, that's all I got.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

    you combine or merge all the commits of both branches into a single branch.
    you can get rid of the label of the 2nd branch, it's no longer needed.
    it is important to represent in that way in the diagram to illustrate that
    each commit has reachability and a parent. it was a pain in the ass to merge
    these branches, took me much more time than anticipated, but that was due
    to a communication error and my eagerness to jump ahead and 'figure things'
    out on my own. uh, it was very frustrating. i didn't realize that the 'coins'
    branch would be remote/hidden, so i created that branch myself, and that caused
    all sorts of issues. damn. anyway, it's all good now.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

    automatic merging: pros: automatic, easy, convenient.
    cons: could merge the wrong code, cause confusion, break the code, cause
    mountains of headache trying to resolve the problem of automatically merging
    complex code.
    manual merging: cons: human error, not easy, more time consuming.
    pros: avoid possible headaches with complex merges, you decide what needs
    to be merged--it's very difficult for a machine to decide which lines of
    code to merge in complex cases, so it's up to the user. Make merges at small
    logical steps/points within the code.
